Assessments docs (#53)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces.mdx

| `data.attributes.vcs-repo.identifier`         | string  |           | A reference to your VCS repository in the format :org/:repo where :org and :repo refer to the organization and repository in your VCS provider. The format for Azure DevOps is `:org/:project/_git/:repo`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `data.attributes.working-directory`           | string  | (nothing) | A relative path that Terraform will execute within. This defaults to the root of your repository and is typically set to a subdirectory matching the environment when multiple environments exist within the same repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `data.attributes.drift_detection`             | boolean | `false` | Whether workspace is expected to be have drift detection checks. Only available for Busines tier organizations, workspaces running Terraform 0.15.4 or greater, and operating in Remote execution mode |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.drift_detection`             | boolean | `false` | Whether Terraform Cloud will perform [drift detection assessments](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) for the workspace. Only available for Business tier organizations, in workspaces running Terraform version 0.15.4+ and operating in [Remote execution mode](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode). |
```

| `data.attributes.vcs-repo.identifier`         | string         | (previous value) | A reference to your VCS repository in the format :org/:repo where :org and :repo refer to the organization and repository in your VCS provider. The format for Azure DevOps is `:org/:project/_git/:repo`.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `data.attributes.working-directory`           | string         | (previous value) | A relative path that Terraform will execute within. This defaults to the root of your repository and is typically set to a subdirectory matching the environment when multiple environments exist within the same repository.                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.drift_detection`             | boolean | `false` | Whether workspace is expected to be have drift detection checks. Only available for Business tier organizations, workspaces running Terraform 0.15.4 or greater, and operating in Remote execution mode |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.drift_detection`             | boolean | `false` | Whether Terraform Cloud will perform [drift detection assessments](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) for the workspace. Only available for Business tier organizations, in workspaces running Terraform version 0.15.4+ and operating in [Remote execution mode](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode). |
```
